fix(intezer): set URL dbot score (#19407)
demisto/content: Packs/Intezer/ReleaseNotes/1_3_3.md

> #### Integrations
> ##### Intezer v2
> - Bug Fixes
>   - Fixed an issue in URL score setting.
> - New Commands
>   - `intezer-get-analysis-iocs` - Get analysis IOCs command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Integrations
##### Intezer v2
- Fixed an issue where the dbot score of URLs was set incorrectly.
- Added the ***intezer-get-analysis-iocs*** command which gets the list of network and files IOCs of a specific analysis id.
```
